Template: x2goserver/postgresql-upgrade-3_1_0_0
Type: text
_Description: X2Go Server / PostgreSQL Upgrade
 You have configured X2Go Server with PostgreSQL as session DB backend and
 you are upgrading x2goserver from a version minor to 3.1.0.0.
 .
 Please follow these PostgreSQL DB upgrade instructions before you continue
 using your X2Go Server:
 /usr/share/doc/x2goserver/README.upgrade-pgsql-database.gz

Template: x2goserver/upgrade-4_1_0_0
Type: text
_Description: X2Go Server Upgrade
 You are upgrading from an X2Go Server version (< 4.1.0.0). Between
 4.1.0.0 and 4.0.0.x the package structure has undergone a major
 change.
 .
 Note that most of the Perl code in X2Go Server has been moved into
 its own Perl API X2Go::Server.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/last-group-sharing
Type: string
Default:
Description: for internal use

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/create-group-for-sharing
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Create group for X2Go Desktop Sharing now?
 In X2Go Desktop Sharing users gain the privilege to share one another's
 X2Go/X11 desktop session by being members of a common POSIX group. The
 POSIX group being used for this can be configured system-wide and on a
 per user basis.
 .
 In X2Go Desktop Sharing's user configuration you can adjust what group
 to use for this later on. Here, you are asked for the system-wide default.
 .
 If this group is not created now, you should assign this desktop sharing
 privilege to an already existing group on the next screen.
 .
 If this group is not created / not assigned, users will not be able to share
 X2Go/X11 desktop sessions with each other.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/use-existing-group-for-sharing
Type: boolean
Default: false
_Description: Use already existing groups for X2Go Desktop Sharing?
 If a group appropriate for being assigned the desktop sharing privilege has
 already been created (e.g. in an LDAP user/group database) then you can
 specify this group name on the next screen.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/group-sharing
Type: string
Default: x2godesktopsharing
_Description: Assign X2Go Desktop Sharing privilege to POSIX group:
 Please specify the name of the POSIX group that you want to assign the
 X2Go Desktop Sharing privilege to.
 .
 If you leave this empty, the "root" group will be used.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/del-last-group-sharing
Type: boolean
Default: false
_Description: Delete the group that was formerly used for this?
 The group for the X2Go Desktop Sharing privilege has been modified.
 .
 Please specify whether the old group should be deleted. If unsure,
 keep the formerly used group and manually investigate later.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/no-such-group
Type: error
_Description: Non-existing group
 The given group does not exist on this system. You should specify an
 already existing group.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/auto-start-on-logon
Type: boolean
Default: false
_Description: Auto-start X2Go Desktop Sharing applet on desktop session startup?
 For an X2Go/X11 desktop session to be accessible via X2Go Desktop
 Sharing, the X2Go Desktop Sharing applet needs to be running. It
 advertises the users X2Go/X11 session through an access controlled
 socket to X2Go client applications.
 .
 The applet can be configured to start automatically on desktop session
 startup, but for security reasons this is not the default.

Template: x2goserver-desktopsharing/auto-activate-on-logon
Type: boolean
Default: false
_Description: Auto-activate X2Go Desktop Sharing on desktop session startup?
 The X2Go Desktop Sharing applet normally starts in non-sharing mode
 (users that request to share the running desktop session get
 auto-rejected). The user normally has to actively activate the sharing
 mode in the applet's GUI.
 .
 If you enabled the auto-start option in the previous screen, you can
 additionally choose here, if desktop sharing shall be activated when the
 X2Go Desktop Sharing applet is auto-started at session logon.
 .
 For security and data protection reasons, this is not the default. Use
 this auto-activation feature only in appropriate environments (e.g.
 on class room computers).
